Prove Yourself
Most
people want to be seduced. If
they resist your efforts, it is proba-
bly because you have not gone far
enough to allay their doubts—about
your motives, the depth of your feel-
ings, and so on. One well-timed ac-
tion that shows how far you are
willing to go to win them over will
dispel their doubts. Do not worry
about looking foolish or making a
mistake—any kind of deed that is
self-sacrificing and for your targets'
sake will so overwhelm their emo-
tions, they won't notice anything else.
Never appear discouraged by people's
resistance, or complain. Instead, meet
the challenge by doing something ex-
treme or chivalrous. Conversely, spur
others to prove themselves by making
yourself hard to reach, unattain-
able, worth fighting over.

